Oh how about people sorry about that
anyway we break it down on the LPS go2
freeway now listen people there is a
terrible accident someone got killed
because of just because of Loki you know
from the adventurers gosh
bad boy man if he was my son I would be
slapping them so hard across the face Oh
but anyways more - um we have some more
details for you guys um only one of the
adventurers can be here to help us
um I think trapper could go okay because
the traffic's not moving at all here's
officer monkey to tell you someone Thank
You Christy I'm glad to be here anyways
just like she said the traffic isn't
moving at all um so yeah we're playing
it to be at least one hour but it could
take a whole day are you serious
no not anyways I gotta get back to the
traffic noise hopping you me actually oh
okay Bonnie wait here's the traffic
oh gosh it's been only today it was
traffic for like one minute
I think that's long enough yeah I'm
hungry
I know huh we are going I know that we
are going to stop at at LPS chicka dick
chicka dick McDonald you have a diner
can I meet him he must be really bright
hey let me say mr. rabbit why don't you
get your face out of your butt
really well maybe you can get your bow
hole out of your name control your son
please I'm trying to not get angry
grandpa come help me he's some ramp on
music rap and your bunny listen old time
if you miss my mom don't know my grand
excursion area took me No
it's so miss with my grand is something
please
crabby get in the car boy I'm gonna make
my move what
oh my gosh tipped over I'll break your
little fingers like they were twigs
because you're so old uh everybody come
here just to start any trouble and
trouble you hear that excuse me people
traffic will not be moving it to like
more like two hours because look E is
not budging at all
so only one superhero could just come it
will make a difference to the truck
anyways gotta go okay get back in the
car about to get really really mad if
this doesn't start movin who's talking
that me if this traffic doesn't move I'm
gonna make it move ah I think I'm gonna
make it move it or lose it
what the Hat
you you over there yo yo I need to talk
to you I hear some bad jr. I don't
notice too that is Churchill people
you're going me and get my car
you do know you cannot just hit my floor
I will come over there slap your face